welcome to synopsis recap today we are
going to tell the story of a movie
called the day the earth stood still
have fun and enjoy of course there are
spoilers ahead
in a snowstorm a mountain climber gets
out of his tent and notices something
strange from afar
he walks towards what appears to be a
glowing sphere and makes contact with
the surface then the bright light shines
towards him
and he becomes unconscious when he wakes
up he notices a scar on his hand
where his dna is taken and the glowing
object has disappeared
we meet helen who is an astrobiologist
and a professor
that lives alone with her eight-year-old
stepson jacob while making dinner she
receives a phone call
where the government requires her
assistance immediately she opens the
front door
and sees government agents surrounding
her house with no choice she leaves her
son with her neighbor
and gets in the car she demands to know
what's going on but the agent can't tell
her as he doesn't know either
she arrives in the military base and
enters a helicopter where a group of
scientists are being gathered too
she is then greeted by maiko a nasa
official and old friend of hers who
brings her to the debriefing about
what's going on
apparently an object moving one-tenth
the speed of light has entered our solar
system
and altered its direction towards earth
just moments ago they have about 70
minutes before impact and the government
plans to launch missiles at it in order
to stop the collision with earth
worried about her son helen calls jacob
and tells them to hide in the basement
but she realizes that
if impact occurs there is nowhere anyone
can hide from this disaster
the military takes the scientists close
to the projected impact zone but as the
object gets closer to the earth their
missile launch system malfunctions
crippling their only defense
surprisingly the object is slowing down
as it approaches earth a massive glowing
light appears in the sky
and flies towards the public park where
it lands in front of everyone
they move closer to the object and it
appears to be the same sphere that was
in the beginning of the film
the military arrives and surrounds the
object pointing their guns at it and
ready to fire
a sphere glows with bright light and a
silhouette of the creature appears
ellen moves forward and tries to make
contact but a gunshot fired
and the creature drops to the ground
bulhelm holds it in her arms
suddenly a tall figure walks out and
begins shutting off all the weapons and
systems then paralyzing everyone
it tries to attack helen but stops at
the alien's command and proceeds to move
back
the military brings the alien back into
their laboratory and tries their best to
save the creature
although they succeeded at stabilizing
its heartbeat the outer skin begins
peeling off
and they're shocked to see a human lying
inside while many spheres have landed on
earth spreading in every corner of the
world the doctors learned that the alien
took samples of animals dna
and was essentially reborn into the body
of a human being in order to survive
by this time they approach the now
conscious alien and demands to know his
business on earth
we learn that he represents a collection
of civilizations that exists all around
earth and his name is kladu
and he wants to speak to the united
nations regina
united states secretary of defense
refuses to allow him
she asks him what he wants from our
planet to which the alien responds that
the earth does not belong to humans
frustrated at his apparent disobedience
regina plans to have clatu sedated and
tortured at the great disapproval from
everyone else
ellen disobeys her order to sedate
claddo and only injected water into his
system
rather than sedating him while telling
him to run vladio manages to set himself
free and breaks out of the military
facility
he arrives at the train station and
plans to leave but faints to the ground
from the gun wounds earlier
he manages to call helen who comes
quickly to the station to pick him up
with jacob
she wants to know if he's a friend to
humans to which clatter replies
that he's a friend to earth on the other
side the military tries their best
efforts
to destroy the giant humanoid but their
attacks are useless at making any
damages as the machine destroys all the
human weapons
plato has a conversation with jacob
while helen is driving
jacob shows extreme hostility towards
the alien and believes that humans
should kill him right away
he wants to know what claddy thinks that
humans should do to this alien but kladu
doesn't believe
that humans have any choice they stop at
the mcdonald's and clatter meets another
alien from their civilization
they talk about the violent nature of
humanity and how human seems to be
incapable of change
but this confirmation in his prior
experience cladu decides to proceed with
the plan of destroying human
civilization
surprisingly the other alien refuses to
leave earth even though he will die
alongside humanity
he believes that with all the negative
aspects humans display they also have a
side which deserves to be treasured he
loves the family he's built on this
planet and can no longer leave them for
anything else
ellen drives the alien to another
location while they wait in the car
cladoo goes towards the pond and summons
a sphere which appears from underwater
all the animals from everywhere around
the world begins going into the spheres
and they all eventually levitate away
from earth into the atmosphere with
glowing lights
the only sphere that doesn't appear to
have left is the largest one where the
humanoid machine is guarding over
platu comes out from the forest and
helen asks him to tell her what is
really going on
he explains that humans are killing the
earth and he's here to save the planet
there are very few planets in the
universe that can support life and earth
is too valuable to be destroyed
as they argue about what to do with
humanity a police officer manages to
find their location
but when he tries to arrest the alien
clad who kills him immediately however
he was able to resurrect him as he only
wanted the officer out of the way and
did not want to kill him
his actions shock and frightens both
helen and jacob
helen begs him to spare humanity as she
believes that human beings can change
clady disagrees as he tried to speak
with the human leaders with reason
but only resulted in violence ellen
quickly explains that regina does not
represent humanity and she would gladly
take him to someone who does
on the other side the government agents
finally figured out that the spheres are
ships which attempts to save the animals
on earth but they fear that what comes
after may wipe out humanity
they manage to capture the humanoid
machine by not using any violence and
proceeds to bring it to their
underground facility
ellen takes claddoo to meet a nobel
prize winning physicist
and claddy demonstrates his
understanding of the universe by solving
the equations easily on the blackboard
the man immediately realizes that he's
the alien from the news and they begin a
deep conversation about human nature
the physicist thinks that humanity can
change and learn from their lessons but
only if they're pushed to the brink of
destruction we also know that claudio
civilization undergone dramatic changes
when they had to salvage their dying son
the physicists pleased for claddo to not
take away this moment from humanity
where human civilization can finally
transcend into something greater
their debate is cut short when the
military shows up around the facility as
jacob called them
because of his hatred to the alien they
tried to escape away from the house
and into the forest but helen is
captured by the helicopters and taken
away
two more helicopters arrive towards them
and prepares to shoot a cladoo but he
manages to disable them with his powers
frightened at what he just witnessed
jacob runs to the opposite direction but
trips and nearly falls to his death
pladue saves the boy and calmly tells
him to move forwards away from the
danger
daca pleads for the alien to bring him
home to which clado agrees
ellen is brought to the secretary of
defense and tries to convince her to let
her go
helen states that the only way to save
humanity is to let her convince kladu
that they can change
regina refuses her pleads and proceeds
to try and destroy the humanoid robot
the scientists try to continue to run
experiments on the alien machine but
their attempts have failed
suddenly the worker inside the room
begins bleeding as his suit is being
chewed up by nanoscopic robots from the
humanoid
a panic and tries to incinerate
everything but the robot stands unharmed
while everything around it begins to
break down in the molecular level the
nanobits rush out of the military base
and proceeds to destroy everything while
becoming larger as it consumes and
replicates
after receiving news that their facility
is destroyed regina chooses to allow
helen to leave as a last attempt to save
humanity from destruction
ellen manages to call her son and jacob
arranges for them to meet in a location
that he has chosen
being saved by the alien jacob began
seeing him from a different perspective
and apologizes for trying to kill him
earlier jacob brings claddu to where
they'll meet his mother which turns out
to be the cemetery where his father is
buried
he begs the alien to revive his father
but kladu tells the boy that there are
some things that he can't do
he tells jacob not be sad as nothing in
this universe truly dies
they simply transform into something
else instead feeling hopeless jacob
tells claddu to leave as he kneels in
despair
crying in front of the gravestone as his
mother finally arrives to him and tries
to comfort him
they both admit that they miss jacob's
father a great deal and they embrace as
tears fall from their eyes
plato watches the man begins empathizing
for their loss
he starts to understand that there is
more to humans than just destruction
he decides to give humans a second
chance but is unsure whether if he can
stop the nanobits
michael takes them towards the sphere
missiles are fired towards their
vehicle which flips their car michael
dies in the accident while claddo
escapes with helen and jacob into
shelter
banana bits swarm towards the park as
their numbers block out the sunlight
jacob becomes weak and faint as the
nanobits have entered his body
helen begs claddu to save her son which
claddy manages to do by containing the
nanobits in his own body
he looks at helen and tells her that the
physicist was right about humans
vladio then proceeds to enter the cloud
of nanobits trying to disable them
clatter glows in a bright
light and gets consumed by the nanobits
which triggers a large shock wave that
disables everything around them
all the nanobits fall from the sky as
everything electronic on the planet has
become disabled as well
helen and jacob walks towards the park
as they stare at the sphere while
it levitates and leaves the earth giving
humans a second chance
and here is where our movie's story ends
if you like the video
please subscribe leave a like and turn
on the notification
thank you for watching